Update Java and Gradle versions in android-java-gradle-migration-guid… (#11272)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/android-java-gradle-migration-guide.md

## Summary

> If you've recently upgraded Android Studio and have either run or built an existing Android app, you might have run into an error similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've recently upgraded Android Studio and have either
run or built an existing Android app,
you might have run into an error similar to the following:
```

Breaking up the line on semantic phrases.

> ![Error dialog in Android Studio: MultipleCompilationErrorsException](/assets/images/docs/releaseguide/android-studio-error.png)

Reviewer: This file does not appear to exist and it's not in this PR.

│ Otherwise, to fix this issue, first, check the Java version used by Flutter by running `flutter doctor    │   
│ --verbose`.                                                                                               │   
│                                                                                                           │   
│ Then, update the Gradle version specified in                                                              │   
│ C:\Users\karth\Desktop\flutter_chat_ui\example\android\gradle\wrapper\gradle-wrapper.properties to be     │   
│ compatible with that Java version. See the link below for more information on compatible Java/Gradle      │   
│ versions:                                                                                                 │   
│ https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/compatibility.html#java                                         │   
│                                                                                                           │   
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   
Error: Gradle task assembleDebug failed with exit code 1
```

> This error occurs because Android Studio updates its bundled Java SDK to a newer version. Flutter uses the version of Java bundled with Android Studio to build Android apps. Gradle versions prior to 8.5 can't run when using Java 21.

Reviewer: Breaking up the text along semantic breaks.

```suggestion
This error occurs because Android Studio
updates its bundled Java SDK to a newer version.
Flutter uses the version of Java bundled with
Android Studio to build Android apps.
Gradle versions prior to 8.5 can't run when using Java 21.
```

1. **Check the JDK Version**:

>    - Before upgrading your Gradle version, ensure that your JDK version is up to date. You can check your current JDK version using the following commands:

Reviewer: More breaking up of lines.

```suggestion
   - Before upgrading your Gradle version,
     ensure that your JDK version is up to date.
     You can check your current JDK version using the following commands:
```

     ```sh
     flutter upgrade
     flutter doctor --verbose
     ```

2. **Update the Gradle Version**:

>    - The latest Gradle version compatible with Java 21 is Gradle 8.5. As an example, it is recommended to use Gradle 8.5 to ensure compatibility with Java 21.

Reviewer: Ditto

```suggestion
   - The latest Gradle version compatible with Java 21 is Gradle 8.5.
      As an example, we recommended using Gradle 8.5 to ensure compatibility with Java 21.
```

## Solution #1: Guided fix using Android Studio

Upgrade the Gradle version in Android Studio as follows:

1. In Android Studio, open the `android` folder.
   This should bring up the following dialog: 

>    ![Dialog prompting you to upgrade Gradle](/assets/images/docs/releaseguide/android-studio-upgrade-alert.png){:width="50%"}

Reviewer: This image file also does not exist. Either replace the flamingo images with newer, renamed images or rename the flamingo image, whichever is correct. (These are in the repo under /src/content/assets/images/docs/releaseguide/.)

   Update to Gradle release 8.5.

1. Follow the guided workflow to update Gradle.

>    ![Workflow to upgrade Gradle](/assets/images/docs/releaseguide/android-studio-gradle-upgrade.png){:width="85%"}

Reviewer: Ditto - file isn't there. Also, the "{:width=<percent>} was done because the original images overflowed the screen. have you confirmed that this is no longer necessary?
